Add vx4b docs and fix typos (#314)
xmos/lib_mic_array: doc/rst/src/resource_usage.rst

  :ref:`default <mic_array_default_model>` mic array API. An example of a custom multi-threaded decimator implementation
  can be found in :ref:`mic_array_par_decimator`.

.. note::

>   In vx4 configuration there is not current support for ISR mode, the application will use at least two threads for running the mic array unit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In vx4 configuration, running PDM RX in ISR mode is currently not supported, so the application will use at least two threads for running the mic array unit. 
```
